Update release.md (#18346)
etcd-io/etcd: Documentation/contributor-guide/release.md

4. Authenticate the image registry, refer to [Authentication methods](https://cloud.google.com/container-registry/docs/advanced-authentication).
   - `gcloud auth login`
   - `gcloud auth configure-docker`

> 5. Make sure your Linux machine has at least 5GB free space.   

Reviewer: Hi @wenjiaswe, I suggest rather changing pre-req 2c, that says:

> Ensure there is at least 500MB of free space on your Linux machine.

   under project `etcd-development`, and images are pushed to `quay.io` and `gcr.io`.
5. Publish the release page on GitHub
   - Set the release title as the version name
   - Choose the correct release tag (generated from step #4)
   - Follow the format of previous release pages
   - Attach the generated binaries and signature file
   - Select whether it's a pre-release
   - Publish the release
6. Announce to the etcd-dev googlegroup

>    Follow the format of previous release emails sent to etcd-dev@googlegroups.com, see an example below. After sending out the email, ask one of the mainterners to approve the email from the pending list.

Reviewer 2: Typo but lets also tweak it to "mailing list maintainers" as this doesn't necessarily have to only be project code maintainers in future 🙂 

```suggestion
   Follow the format of previous release emails sent to etcd-dev@googlegroups.com, see an example below. After sending out the email, ask one of the mailing list maintainers to approve the email from the pending list.
```
